
cd src
python -m uvicorn api.main:app

handle_parsing_errors=True for handling python_repl_ast issues

1. Improve Document Chunking
RAG works by splitting documents into smaller pieces before embedding them. If chunks are too large, 
the model retrieves irrelevant context; if too small, important information is lost. 
A balanced chunk size (commonly ~400–600 tokens with overlap) helps ensure that each chunk contains enough context while still being searchable.
Good chunking significantly improves retrieval accuracy.

2. Use Better Embeddings
Embeddings convert text into vectors for similarity search. If the embedding model is weak, 
the retriever will pull irrelevant documents even when the correct answer exists in the database. 
Switching to stronger embedding models (e.g., higher-quality sentence-transformer or OpenAI embeddings) 
can greatly improve how well queries match relevant knowledge.

3. Tune Retrieval Parameters (Top-K)
Retrieval systems usually return the top-k most relevant chunks. If k is too small, the correct information might not be included.
 Increasing it (e.g., from 2 to 5 or 10) allows the LLM to see more context before generating an answer.
  This improves accuracy but should be balanced to avoid too much irrelevant context.

4. Strengthen the Prompt Template
The prompt that combines the retrieved context and user question strongly influences the output.
If the prompt is vague, the model may hallucinate. A better prompt explicitly instructs the model to answer
only using the provided context and to say “I don’t know” when the information is not present. This reduces incorrect or fabricated answers.

5. Evaluate and Add Test Questions
To properly tune a RAG system, you should create a small evaluation dataset (questions with known correct answers). 
By repeatedly testing the system against these questions, you can measure whether changes to chunking, embeddings, 
or prompts actually improve performance. Without evaluation, improvements are mostly guesswork.
