Terms of Use:

Welcome to Tonton, we provide our subscribers with access to movies and telemovies, streamed over the Internet to computers, iOS and Android mobile devices as well as Internet-connected TV's. These Terms & Conditions are subject to change without prior written notice at any time, at Tonton’s sole discretion, and such changes shall apply to any purchases made after such changes are posted. Therefore, you should review these Terms & Conditions prior to each purchase so you will understand the terms applicable to such transactions. If you do not agree to these Terms & Conditions, do not make any purchases. Please read these Terms & Conditions carefully as they contain important information regarding your legal rights, remedies and obligations. These include various limitations and exclusions, and a dispute resolution clause that governs how disputes will be resolved.

1. Registered Users and Discontinue Use

1.1 Becoming a Registered User
- You may register as a Tonton registered user of the Website free of charge (a “User“). To become a User, submit your email address to Tonton and create a password. You are responsible for maintaining the confidentiality of your account and password and for restricting access to your computer.

1.2 Discontinue use
- You may discontinue use of your Tonton account at any time. We do not provide refunds or credits for any payments made. To discontinue use, you would just have to simply sign out from Tonton account.

2. Passwords & Account Access

2.1 A User has access and control over the Tonton account. A User’s control is exercised through use of the User's password and therefore to maintain exclusive control, the User should not reveal their password to anyone, and should maintain control over the Tonton enabled devices that are used to access the Tonton service. You are responsible for updating and maintaining the truth and accuracy of the information you provide to us relating to your account.

2.2 The Tonton service and any content viewed through the service are for your personal and non-commercial use only and may not be shared with individuals beyond your household. By sharing the Tonton service password or allowing others to access your account, the User agrees to be responsible for assuring that these household subscribers comply with these Terms & Conditions, and such User shall be responsible for the actions of the household subscribers.

2.3 You should be mindful of any communication requesting that you submit credit card or other account information. Providing your information in response to these types of communications can result in identity theft. Always access your sensitive account information by going directly to the Tonton website and not through a hyperlink in an email or any other electronic communication, even if it looks official. Tonton reserves the right to place any account on hold anytime with or without notification to the subscriber or member in order to protect itself and its partners from what it believes to be fraudulent activity.

3. Tonton Service

3.1 You must be 18 years of age, or the age of majority, to become a subscriber to the Tonton service. Minors may only use the service under the supervision of an adult.

3.2 During your use of Tonton we grant you a limited, non-exclusive, non-transferable right to access the Tonton service and view Tonton content. Except for the foregoing, no right, title or interest shall be transferred to you. You agree not to use the service for public performances.

3.3 You may view the Tonton content only in Malaysia, and use or viewing the content outside Malaysia may constitute a violation of international copyright and other laws.

3.4 The Tonton service, including the content library, is regularly updated. In addition, we continually test various aspects of our service, including our website, user interfaces, promotional features and availability of Tonton content.

3.5 You agree not to archive, reproduce, distribute, modify, display, perform, publish, license, create derivative works from, offer for sale, or use (except as explicitly authorised in these Terms & Conditions) content and information contained on or obtained from or through the Tonton service. You also agree not to: circumvent, remove, alter, deactivate, degrade or thwart any of the content protections in the Tonton service; use any robot, spider, scraper or other automated means to access the Tonton service; decompile, reverse engineer or disassemble any software or other products or processes accessible through the Tonton service; insert any code or product or manipulate the content of the Tonton service in any way; or use any data mining, data gathering or extraction method. In addition, you agree not to upload, post, e-mail or otherwise send or transmit any material designed to interrupt, destroy or limit the functionality of any computer software or hardware or telecommunications equipment associated with the Tonton service, including any software viruses or any other computer code, files or programs. We may terminate or restrict your use of the Tonton service if you violate these Terms & Conditions or are engaged in illegal or fraudulent use of the Tonton service.

3.6 The quality of the display of the Tonton content may vary from device to device, and may be affected by a variety of factors, such as your location, the bandwidth available through and/or speed of your Internet connection. HD availability is subject to your Internet service and device capabilities. Not all content is available in all formats, such as HD. You are responsible for all Internet access charges. Please check with your Internet provider for information on possible Internet data usage charges. The time it takes to begin watching Tonton content will vary based on a number of factors, including your location, available bandwidth at the time, the content you have selected and the configuration of your Tonton -ready device.

3.7 Tonton software is developed by, or for, Tonton and is designed to enable viewing of Tonton content through Tonton -ready devices. This software may vary by device and medium, and functionalities and features may also differ between devices. You acknowledge that the use of the service may require third party software that is subject to third party licenses. You agree that you may automatically receive updated versions of the Tonton and related third-party software.

4. Governing Law

These Terms & Conditions shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Malaysia and any litigation or dispute in connection therewith shall be submitted to the exclusive jurisdiction of the court in Malaysia. These terms will not limit any consumer protection rights that you may be entitled to under the mandatory laws of your local jurisdiction.

5. Applications

You may encounter third-party applications (including, without limitation, websites, widgets, software, or other software utilities) (“Application(s)”) that interact with the Tonton service. These Applications may import data related to your Tonton account and activity and otherwise gather data from you. These Applications are provided solely as a convenience to you, and Tonton is not responsible for such Applications. Such applications are owned or operated by third parties that are not related to, with, or sponsored by Tonton, and may not be authorized for use with our service in all countries. Use of an application is at your own option and risk.

6. Use of Information Submitted

Tonton is free to use any comments, information, ideas, concepts, reviews, techniques or any other material contained in any communication you may send to us (“Feedback“), including responses to questionnaires or through postings to the Tonton service, including the Tonton website and user interfaces, without further compensation, acknowledgement or payment to you for any purpose whatsoever including, but not limited to, developing, manufacturing and marketing products and creating, modifying or improving the Tonton service. In addition, you agree not to enforce any “moral rights” in and to the Feedback, to the extent permitted by applicable law. Please note Tonton does not accept unsolicited materials or ideas for movies, and is not responsible for the similarity of any of its content or programming in any media to materials or ideas transmitted to Tonton. Should you send any unsolicited materials or ideas, you do so with the understanding that no additional consideration of any sort will be provided to you, and you are waiving any claim against Tonton and its affiliates regarding the use of such materials and ideas, even if material or an idea is used that is substantially similar to the material or idea you sent.

7. Customer Support

If you need assistance of any kind, click on the menu icon at the bottom of the Tonton website and select “Help Centre“. There you will find the answers to many frequently asked questions, along with the option to contact our Customer Support team.

8. Copyright

Tonton respects the intellectual property rights of others and expects its Users to do the same. Tonton enforces third party’s intellectual property rights and can, in appropriate circumstances, suspend or terminate the accounts of Users who are repeat infringers. Tonton will respond expeditiously to claims of copyright infringement committed using the Tonton platform and/or website.

The Tonton service, including all content provided on the Tonton service, and all Tonton interfaces created for Tonton -ready device including text, graphics, logos, designs, photographs, button icons, images, audio/video clips, digital downloads, data compilations and software and its compilation is the property of Tonton or its suppliers and is protected by copyright, trade secret or other intellectual property laws and treaties.

9. General Terms & Conditions

9.1 Privacy
- We collect personal information about you through and in connection with your use of the website and your use of Tonton's Services. All information that we collect about you is subject to our Privacy Policy, which forms part of these Terms & Conditions, and which may be accessed from our home page is deemed to be incorporated into these Terms & Conditions.

9.2 Indemnity by you
- You agree to indemnify and hold Tonton, its subsidiaries and affiliates, and each of their directors, officers, agents, contractors, partners and employees, harmless from and against any loss, liability, claim, demand, damages, costs and expenses, including reasonable solicitors fees, arising out of or in connection with your purchase or use of any product or services, or any violation of this Agreement or of any law or the rights of any third party.

9.3 Disclaimer of Warranties
- Tonton makes no warranties of any kind, express or implied, with respect to any films made available on this site. Movies and telemovies and/or motion pictures are provided or sold “as is” and Tonton disclaims any and all representations and warranties, whether express or implied, including without limitation implied warranties of title, merchant, ability, fitness for particular purpose or non-infringement. Tonton cannot guarantee and does not promise any specific results from use of services. Tonton does not represent or warrant that products, services, or any part thereof, are accurate, complete, reliable, current or error-free or that products or services that are downloaded from the site are free of viruses or other harmful components. Therefore, you should exercise caution in the use and downloading of any such content or materials and use industry-recognized software to detect and disinfect viruses.

9.4 Limitations on Liability
- Except in jurisdictions where such provisions are restricted, in no event will Tonton or its directors, employees or agents be liable to you or any third person for any indirect, consequential, exemplary, incidental, special or punitive damages, including for any lost profits or lost data arising from your use of any services, even if Tonton is aware or has been advised of the possibility of such damages. Notwithstanding anything to the contrary contained herein, Tonton’s liability to you for any cause whatsoever, and regardless of the form of the action, will at all times be limited to the amount paid by you to Tonton for the service, but in no case will Tonton’s liability to you exceed RM100.00. You acknowledge that if no amount is paid by you to Tonton for the product or service, you shall be limited to injunctive relief only unless otherwise permitted by law, and you shall not be entitled to damages of any kind from Tonton, regardless of the cause of action.

10. Subscription & Recurring Payments
- These Terms of Use for Recurring Payments ("Terms") govern the recurring payment services provided by Tonton ("Platform") to its users. By using the Platform and agreeing to these Terms, Users acknowledge and accept the terms and conditions outlined below:

10.1 Subscription and Recurring Payment Authorization:
a. By subscribing to the Platform's services, Users authorize the Platform to charge their selected payment method at regular intervals, as specified during the subscription process.
b. Users agree that their subscription will automatically renew at the end of each billing cycle unless they cancel their subscription prior to the renewal date.
c. Users understand that the recurring payment amount may include applicable taxes and fees, which will be clearly communicated during the subscription process.

10.2 Payment Method:
a. Users must provide a valid and accepted payment method to initiate the recurring payment process (Subscription process found in FAQ page)
b. Users are responsible for ensuring that their payment method details, such as credit card information or other payment account details, are accurate and up to date.
c. In the event of an unsuccessful payment transaction due to an expired or invalid payment method, Users may be required to update their payment details or provide an alternative payment method promptly to avoid service interruption.

10.3 Billing and Payment:
a. The Platform will charge the recurring payment amount in advance of each billing cycle unless otherwise specified.
b. Users will receive an electronic invoice or receipt for each payment charged to their selected payment method.
c. The Platform may, at its discretion, modify the recurring payment amount, billing frequency, or payment methods. In such cases, Users will be notified in advance of any changes.
d. In case of insufficient funds, the platform will Auto-Retry the renewal for 7 days before terminating users account subscription.

10.4 Cancellation and Refunds:
a. Users have the flexibility to cancel their subscription at any time by following the designated cancellation process on the Platform (Found in our FAQs)
b. If Users submit a cancellation request before the next billing cycle, they won't incur any further charges, and their subscription will remain active until the end of the current billing cycle.
c. Please note that the Platform operates under a strict no refund policy.
d. If Users have any queries or need assistance with canceling their subscription, please feel free to contact us at tonton@tonton.com.my.
e. Alternatively, Users can also unsubscribe directly through their Apple App Store, Google Play Store, or the TNG portal (whichever applicable).

10.5 Termination:
a. The Platform reserves the right to terminate Users' subscription and recurring payment services for violation of the Platform's terms of service or any applicable laws.
b. In the event of termination, Users will no longer have access to the Platform's services, and any remaining subscription period will be forfeited without a refund.

10.6 Privacy and Data Security:
a. The Platform will handle Users' personal and payment information in accordance with its privacy policy and applicable data protection laws.
b. The Platform employs reasonable security measures to protect Users' payment information; however, it cannot guarantee absolute security.

10.7 Changes to Terms:
a. The Platform may update or modify these Terms at its discretion. Users will be notified of any material changes to these Terms before they become effective.
b. Continued use of the Platform's services after the notification of changes constitutes Users' acceptance of the revised Terms.

10.8 Governing Law and Dispute Resolution:
a. These Terms shall be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws of Malaysia.
b. For any disputes, please contact us at tonton@tonton.com.my.

11. TontonUp Ad Free Tier Terms & Conditions
- Welcome to the TontonUp Ad Free Tier, These Terms & Conditions ("T&Cs") govern your access to and use of the TontonUp Ad Free Tier service on the Tonton OTT platform. By subscribing to or using the TontonUp Ad Free Tier, you agree to be bound by these T&Cs.

11.1 Ad Removal
a. Video On Demand (VOD): All external VOD ads will be removed for both Subscription Video On Demand (SVOD) and Advertising Video On Demand (AVOD) titles.
b. Live TV: All pre-roll ads before the start of live TV streams will be removed.

11.2 Permitted Ads
While the TontonUp Ad Free Tier significantly reduces advertising, you may still encounter the following:
a. Internal Promotions: You may see promotional content for Tonton and its Media Prima subsidiaries. These promotions may highlight other shows, features, or offers within the Tonton platform.
b. Live TV Ads: Regular advertising breaks within live TV programming will continue as usual. This means you'll still see ads during scheduled commercial breaks within shows and movies.
c. Feed Ads: Advertisements may appear within the content feed or between different content rails on the Tonton platform.
d. Splash Ads: Occasional splash ads may be displayed when you launch the Tonton app.

11.3 Changes to Service
Tonton reserves the right to modify or change the TontonUp Ad Free Tier, including these T&Cs, at its sole discretion. Any updates to the service or these T&Cs will be communicated to you and reflected in an updated version of these T&Cs. Your continued use of the TontonUp Ad Free Tier following such modifications constitutes your acceptance of the changes.

11.4 General Tonton Terms
These T&Cs are in addition to the general Tonton Terms & Conditions and Privacy Policy, which continue to apply to your use of the Tonton platform.

12. Tonton Rewards
- Employees of Media Prima who are enrolled under the complimentary staff subscription plan are not eligible to participate in this Tonton Rewards promotion. To be eligible, employees must purchase a subscription independently and redeem the reward through their personal Tonton account.

Please review these Terms carefully before subscribing to the Platform's recurring payment services. By using the Platform and agreeing to these Terms, Users acknowledge that they have read, understood, and accepted the terms and conditions outlined above.

Last Updated: July 22, 2025
For more info please refer here: https://www.tonton.com.my/pages/termofuse.html